hi this is Cujo break hugs I'm going to
be shown using ifile how to to figure
out your restriction passcode so I'm
going to launch I file once you're not
file you're going to go to the bar and
go to mod while you're going to go to
library then you're going to go down to
preferences on turn preferences just
slide up a little
you're going to see the search bar
you're going to press it and you're
going to search Khan dot Apple dot
restriction password dot please once you
see it over there you press it press
text viewer okay press edit then we're
going to see even this everyone is going
to have a different one you're going to
take this you're going to copy it then
just go into your notes just go into
your notes and paste that then you're
going to go on the bottom do the same
thing
don't put the the equal sign in it then
go down and you're going to paste now
once you have these two codes it's very
important to get them you're going to
have to go into Safari and go to Iowa
seven harder in the US I'm going to put
the link in the description then we're
going to see restriction password key
you press it going to note and the first
code the first code you're going to want
to take it you're going to want to copy
it you're going to go back and safari
and you're going to paste it
so once you pasted that then you're
going to go to restriction password salt
then you're going to go to the second
code and do the same thing take it
you're going to copy that code and then
paste it now basically you can just put
search for code and now it's going to
try to do all of them this can take a
very long time it is going to go look if
you go 0-0 35 36 37 now how to go until
9999 but it's eventually going to find
your pass code so please a like and
subscribe thank you and if you have any
questions put it down in the description
below
you